[Music]
then the Lord said to Moses go into
Pharaoh and tell him thus says the Lord
God of the Hebrews let my people go that
they may serve me for if you refuse to
let them go and still hold them behold
the hand of the Lord will be on your
cattle in the field on the horses on the
donkey's on the camels on the oxen and
on the sheep a very severe pestilence
and the Lord will make a difference
between the livestock of Israel and the
livestock of Egypt
so nothing shall die of all that belongs
to the children of Israel then the Lord
appointed a set time tomorrow the Lord
will do this thing in the land so the
Lord did this thing on the next day and
all the livestock of Egypt died
of the livestock of the children of
Israel not one died then Pharaoh sent
and indeed not even one of the livestock
of the Israelites was dead but the heart
of Pharaoh became hard and he did not
let the people go so the Lord said to
Moses and Aaron take for yourselves
handfuls of ashes from a furnace and let
Moses scatter it toward the heavens in
the sight of Pharaoh and it will become
fine dust in all the land of Egypt and
it will cause boils that break out in
sores on man and beast throughout all
the land of Egypt
when they took ashes from the fence and
stood before Pharaoh and Moses scattered
them toward heaven and they caused boils
that break out in sores on man and beast
and the magician's could not stand
before Moses because of the boils for
the boils were on the magicians and on
all the Egyptians but the Lord hardened
the heart of Pharaoh and he did not heed
them just as the Lord had spoken to
Moses then the Lord said to Moses rise
early in the morning and stand before
Pharaoh and say to him thus says the
Lord God of the Hebrews let my people go
that they may serve me for at this time
I will send all my plagues to your very
heart and on your servants and on your
people that you may know that there is
none like me in all the earth now if I
had stretched out my hand and struck you
and your people with pestilence then you
would have been cut off from the earth
but indeed for this purpose I have
raised you up that I may show my power
in you and that my name may be declared
in all the earth as yet you exalt
yourself against my people in that you
will not let them go
behold tomorrow about this time I will
cause very heavy hail to rain down such
as has not been in Egypt since its
founding until now
therefore send now and gather your
livestock and all that you have in field
for the hail shall come down on every
man and every animal which is found in
the field and is not brought home and
they shall die
he who feared the word of the Lord among
the servants of Pharaoh made his
servants and his livestock flee to the
houses but he who did not regard the
word of her Lord left his servants in
his livestock in the field then the Lord
said to Moses stretch out your hand
toward heaven that there may be hail in
all the land of Egypt on man on beast
and on every herb of the field
throughout the land of Egypt and Moses
stretched out his rod toward heaven
thoughts and thunder and hail and fire
darted to the ground
[Music]
the Lord rained hail on the land of
Egypt so there was hail and fire mingled
with the hail
so very heavy but there was none like
lead in all the land of Egypt since it
became a nation the hail struck
throughout the whole land of Egypt all
that was in the fear of both man and
beast and the hail struck every herb of
the field and grow every tree of the
only in the land of goshen where the
children of israel were there was no
hair and Ferrer sent and called for
Moses Annette I have sinned this time
the Lord is righteous and my people and
I are wicked treat the Lord but there
may be no more mighty thundering in hell
for it is enough
I will let you go
you should stay no longer
as soon as I have gone out of the city I
will spread out my hands to the Lord the
Thunder will cease and there will be no
more hail that you may know that the
earth is the Lord's but as free and your
servants I know that you will not yet
fear the Lord God
now the flax and the barley was struck
for the barley was in the head and the
flax was in bad but the wheat and the
spelt were not strong for they are late
clumps so Moses went out of the city
from Pharaoh and spread out his hands to
the Lord
and the thunder and the hail ceased and
the rain was not poured on the earth
and when Faris saw the pur rain the hail
and the Thunder had ceased he sinned yet
more and he hardened his heart he and
his cells so the heart of fare was hard
neither would he let the children of
Israel go as the Lord had spoken by
Moses